# Changelog

The format of this changelog is based on
[Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/). The project adheres to
[Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html)

> Major version zero (0.y.z) is for initial development. Anything may change at
> any time. The public API should not be considered stable.

## [Unreleased]

- Update text for autogenerated files
- Switch to `mkdocs`.
- Add `env_var_or_empty` and `env_var` argparse validators. These are necessary
  so that we can avoid displaying the current value of the environment variable
  when generating the documentation. This can be consider a breaking change in
  the CLI since it will no longer display the value of the environment.
- Add github actions utilities to help us maintain Github actions.
- Add `validate_file_exists` argparse validator.

## [0.29.4] <a name="0.29.4" href="#0.29.4">-</a> September 27, 2023

- Wraps colors around `\[` and `\]` for colors in `$PS1`. See
  <https://unix.stackexchange.com/a/157884>

## [0.29.3] <a name="0.29.3" href="#0.29.3">-</a> September 26, 2023

- Pydantic 2.4.1 no longer passes `json_schema_extra` in `Field` as is. Instead
  it gets json serialized. The end result is that we cannot have functions in
  it. The internal implementation in `m` has been changed so that we may
  continue passing validators in that field. This should be better since we now
  bypass a serialization step to find out the model schemas on the CLI.

## [0.29.2] <a name="0.29.2" href="#0.29.2">-</a> September 25, 2023

- Manifests jobs for multi-architecture builds may fail if there are too many of
  them running at once. To avoid this we can specify `max_parallel_manifests` in
  the docker configuration so that it will add it to the github workflow. see
  more info at
  https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-jobs/using-a-matrix-for-your-jobs#defining-the-maximum-number-of-concurrent-jobs

## [0.29.1] <a name="0.29.1" href="#0.29.1">-</a> September 25, 2023

- compute proper architecture when running locally. We may need to add other
  entries to the arch map.

## [0.29.0] <a name="0.29.0" href="#0.29.0">-</a> September 25, 2023

- add `m blueprints`. This command combined with the `docker_config` field in
  the `m` file will create a set of shell scripts that can be used to create,
  tag, and push docker images. See `tests/blueprints` for examples on `m/m.yaml`
  files and the scripts it creates in their respective `fixtures` directories.

## [0.28.0] <a name="0.28.0" href="#0.28.0">-</a> September 14, 2023

- Add `--major-only` option to `m git tag_release`. This option allows us to
  only update the major version tag.
- This project is switching to only moving the `major` tag and drops the minor
  version tag.

## [0.27.3] <a name="0.27.3" href="#0.27.3">-</a> September 13, 2023

- Typo on code. I hope this is the last hotfix for `m git tag_release`.

## [0.27.2] <a name="0.27.2" href="#0.27.2">-</a> September 13, 2023

- Fix `m git tag_release` when executing on github actions. Need to first fetch
  the tag that needs to be deleted.

## [0.27.1] <a name="0.27.1" href="#0.27.1">-</a> September 13, 2023

- No changes to library. This release is to verify that `m git tag_release`
  works in github workflows. Please note that if you are running in a container
  you will need to add

  ```
  git config --global --add safe.directory "$GITHUB_WORKSPACE"
  ```

  before running `m git tag_release`.

## [0.27.0] <a name="0.27.0" href="#0.27.0">-</a> September 13, 2023

- Add `m git tag_release`. This command allows us to tag a release. It is meant
  to be used after `m github release` to create git tags that keep track of the
  major and minor versions of a project. It assumes that the version provided is
  a valid semver of the form `x.y.z`.

## [0.26.0] <a name="0.26.0" href="#0.26.0">-</a> September 09, 2023

- Add `--section` to `m devcontainer bashrc` so that we may specify a bashrc
  snippet that we want to print.
- Add `--bashrc` to `m ci env` to print a bashrc snippet.

## [0.25.2] <a name="0.25.2" href="#0.25.2">-</a> September 06, 2023

- `bashrc` code snippet avoids alias declaration in a CI environment.

## [0.25.1] <a name="0.25.1" href="#0.25.1">-</a> September 05, 2023

- Fix issues with `pnpm_setup` not creating a directory as well as virtual
  environment for a project.

## [0.25.0] <a name="0.25.0" href="#0.25.0">-</a> September 05, 2023

- Add `devcontainer` command group to `m` cli. It includes
  - `bashrc`: used to print a snippet that should be source on a `.bashrc` file.
  - `greet`: displays a message with devcontainer information. To be used in the
    `postStartCommand` section of a devcontainer file.
  - `pnpm_setup`: to be used in the `postStartCommand` to setup all the the
    necessary symlinks for `pnpm` to be efficient in all docker containers
    regardless of the host.
  - `pnpm`: a wrapper around `pnpm` to perform the `pnpm` command in a mounted
    volume.
  - `prompter`: a command line prompt that can be used in bash to display the
    current git status.
  - `require_env_vars`: meant to stop a bash script if the specified env vars
    are not defined.
- Add `RemainderArgs` to `m.cli`. This is helpful to specify that we want to
  obtain the rest of the arguments so that we may pass it to another process.

## [0.24.0] <a name="0.24.0" href="#0.24.0">-</a> September 03, 2023

- Any module can be used as a cli command. If the module is a package then we
  can use the `__main__.py` file to define the cli commands.
- Deprecated `run_cli` usage. Instead use `exec_cli`. This was done so that we
  can delegate the responsibility of coming up with cli commands to other
  functions.
- If `run_cli` was using the `add_arg` parameter then define the `add_arguments`
  function at the root of the command modules. See `m/cli/commands/__init__.py`
  as an example.
- Add `import_cli_commands`. This function allows us to import cli commands from
  a module and use them in the `exec_cli` function.
- Add `cli_commands`, `command_group` and `subcommands` to `m.cli`. These are
  functions to help generate cli commands to be used in `exec_cli`.
- Add `merge_cli_commands` to `m.cli`. This function allows us to merge cli
  commands from different modules to create a single cli command.
- Deprecate use of `name` parameter in `command` decorator. This is no longer
  needed since we can use the module name as the command name or any other name
  if manually defining the cli.
- Add `Meta` to help define information about a group of cli commands.

## [0.23.0] <a name="0.23.0" href="#0.23.0">-</a> August 21, 2023

- Migrated to [pydantic v2](https://docs.pydantic.dev/dev-v2/migration/).
- Add `ruff` support to `m ci celt` command.

  ```bash
  m ci celt -t ruff -c @config.json < <(ruff check --format json [dir])
  ```

- Added `m.cli.Arg` and `m.cli.ArgProxy`. These are replacements for pydantic's
  `Field` since this function no longer supports the `extra` keyword arguments.
- Added `m.core.hone`. Helps avoid writing a lambda when trying to handle an
  `Issue`. Instead of

  ```python
  res.flat_map_bad(lambda err: issue('new error message', cause=err, context=context))
  ```

  we can write

  ```python
  res.flat_map_bad(hone('git stash failure', context=context))
  ```

- Added `m.core.Res`. This is an alias for `OneOf[Issue, G]` so that we only
  have to specify the type of the "Result" or "Response".
- Added `exception` method and other wrappers to the `Logger` class.
- Added `parse_model` and `load_model` to `m.pydantic`. These utilities allow us
  to parse and load a data from files.
- Deprecated `add_arg`. Instead of

  ```python
    prop: str = Field(
        json_schema_extra={
            'proxy': add_arg(
                '--opt',
                help='help description',
            ),
        },
    )
  ```

  we can write

  ```python
    prop: str = ArgProxy(
      '--opt',
      help='help description',
    )
  ```

- `OneOf` is no longer a base class for `Bad` and `Good`. Instead we use
  `Union[Bad, Good]` to define a `OneOf`. Since python does not support type
  narrowing in the negative case we have to rely on `isinstance` to check if an
  object is `Good` or `Bad` and be able to access the `value` without having to
  cast. See https://github.com/python/typing/discussions/1013.
- Deprecated `is_good` and `is_bad`. Instead use `isinstance` to check if an
  object is `Good` or `Bad`. Doing so will prevent having to cast the object to
  be able to extract the value when using `OneOf`.

## [0.22.1] <a name="0.22.1" href="#0.22.1">-</a> July 27, 2023

- Add `argcomplete` as a dependency.

## [0.22.0] <a name="0.22.0" href="#0.22.0">-</a> July 27, 2023

- Fix circular import bug. `python -c 'from m.core.io import env'` should not
  fail.
- Completions for the `m` cli [#86](https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/pull/86).

## [0.21.0] <a name="0.21.0" href="#0.21.0">-</a> April 27, 2023

- The `build_tag_with_version` bumps the current version to the next minor
  version and uses it when generating the m tag.

## [0.20.2] <a name="0.20.2" href="#0.20.2">-</a> April 27, 2023

- no changes once again.

## [0.20.1] <a name="0.20.1" href="#0.20.1">-</a> April 27, 2023

- no changes, making sure the release process works.

## [0.20.0] <a name="0.20.0" href="#0.20.0">-</a> April 27, 2023

- update error message explaining `m.yaml` is missing.
- no longer publishing to npmjs or github
- improved devcontainer
- all files are formatted with prettier

## [0.19.3] <a name="0.19.3" href="#0.19.3">-</a> April 14, 2023

- `review_release` ignores previously closed prs.

## [0.19.2] <a name="0.19.2" href="#0.19.2">-</a> April 10, 2023

- Support python 3.11. `Foo.BAR` in Python 3.11 no longer returns the member
  value "bar" when used in the format() function or f-strings the way that prior
  Python versions used to. Instead, it returns the `Foo.BAR` member class.
- See https://blog.pecar.me/python-enum. For now the fix involves overriding the
  magic method `__str__` but should consider using `StrEnum`.

## [0.19.1] <a name="0.19.1" href="#0.19.1">-</a> March 29, 2023

- Prevent failure when pull requests are done by accounts that may not have an
  email.

## [0.19.0] <a name="0.19.0" href="#0.19.0">-</a> March 21, 2023

- Add `typescript` processor to `m ci celt`.

## [0.18.1] <a name="0.18.1" href="#0.18.1">-</a> March 15, 2023

- Fix pull request description for the git flow (bad comparison link).
- Yaml dumper handles string enums.

## [0.18.0] <a name="0.18.0" href="#0.18.0">-</a> March 15, 2023

- `m init` creates `m.yaml`.
- release tools handle `m.yaml` files as well as `m.json` files.

## [0.17.0] <a name="0.17.0" href="#0.17.0">-</a> March 14, 2023

- Deprecate `reviewRelease`. Instead use `m review_release`.
- Add `m review_release`. It creates the backport pull request first so that the
  logs point to the build with actual contents (for git flow projects).
- Delegate `m` configuration validation to pydantic.
- `m.cli.validate_json_payload` handles `yaml` files. Commands that use this
  validator can now handle `.json`, `.yaml` and `.yml` extensions.
- `m` configuration file is expected to have extension `.yaml`, `.yml` or
  `.json`. Projects should continue using `.json` extension for now since
  `reviewRelease` is is not aware of `m.yaml`.
- Removed bash test files - everything is covered via `pytest`.

## [0.16.1] <a name="0.16.1" href="#0.16.1">-</a> March 13, 2023

- `end_release` fails because default branch already exists.

## [0.16.0] <a name="0.16.0" href="#0.16.0">-</a> March 13, 2023

- Deprecate `endRelease`. Instead we can use `m end_release`.
- When ending a release it switches to the default branch.
- Previously a release could only be finished by the user who started it. This
  can now be done by any user as long as they switch to the release/hotfix
  branch and execute `m end_release`.

## [0.15.2] <a name="0.15.2" href="#0.15.2">-</a> March 04, 2023

- `m start_release` fails when a project has not done any releases. Command now
  does an exception for the case when the latest release is `0.0.0` and avoids
  checking for commits.

## [0.15.1] <a name="0.15.1" href="#0.15.1">-</a> February 25, 2023

- Require pygments >= 2.14.0 and python >= 3.10.

## [0.15.0] <a name="0.15.0" href="#0.15.0">-</a> February 24, 2023

- Deprecate `startRelease` and `startHotfix`. These two bash scripts have been
  rewritten in python. Instead use can use `m start_release` and
  `m start_hotfix`.
- `m release_setup` has been switched to use a logger.
- `yaml` output has been introduced as well as colors. Currently the only way to
  disable colors is by using the env var `NO_COLOR=true`.
- All cli errors default to `yaml` format.

## [0.14.0] <a name="0.14.0" href="#0.14.0">-</a> February 20, 2023

- Update `m init` to provide information on what it does
- Logger formatter defaults to using colors. May be disabled with
  `NO_COLOR=true` env var.
- `m.log.colors` provides the `color` function to format any message with color.

## [0.13.0] <a name="0.13.0" href="#0.13.0">-</a> February 18, 2023

- Moved `ciTools` to the `m.log` module. From here on `print` statements will be
  substituted by `logger.info`.
- `run_main` renamed parameters, use `result_handler` and `issue_handler`.
- Introducing environment variables `DEBUG_M_[INSERT_SOMETHING_HERE]`. More on
  that later in the docs. These are meant to make things a bit more verbose in a
  local environment.

## [0.12.2] <a name="0.12.2" href="#0.12.2">-</a> February 09, 2023

- Fix `m ci npm_tag`: Versions with multiple digits not being properly matched.

## [0.12.1] <a name="0.12.1" href="#0.12.1">-</a> February 02, 2023

- skip release to npmjs - previous job did not publish to pypi.

## [0.12.0] <a name="0.12.0" href="#0.12.0">-</a> February 01, 2023

- Using a devcontainer for local development and pipelines.
- 100% python test coverage.

_Breaking Changes_:

- cli utilities no longer use `add_parser`, using `command` and pydantic model
  instead.
- `Issue.data` replaced by `Issue.context`.

## [0.11.2] <a name="0.5.1" href="#0.5.1">-</a> October 13, 2022

- Github graphql changed the order of releases. This hotfix is explicit about
  the order in which we want them to obtain the latest release.

## [0.11.1] <a name="0.11.1" href="#0.11.1">-</a> September 30, 2022

- Revert version prefix. To specify prereleases in npm we need to do
  `>0.0.0-b <0.0.1`. Using version `999.0.0-` would not target pre-releases so
  using `0.0.0` is a shorter string.

## [0.11.0] <a name="0.11.0" href="#0.11.0">-</a> September 30, 2022

- Version prefix for non releases are now `999.0.0-`. This is done so that the
  semver may work when installing pull request builds.
- `fetch_response` has been added so that we may have access to the response
  object as well. This is helpful when we need to inspect response headers.

## [0.10.1] <a name="0.10.1" href="#0.10.1">-</a> September 12, 2022

- Add python 3.7 as a supported version.

## [0.10.0] <a name="0.10.0" href="#0.10.0">-</a> August 01, 2022

- Add `npm` cli command which allows the use of `clean_tag` subcommand.
- Remove deprecated function `call_main`, use `run_main`.

## [0.9.0] <a name="0.9.0" href="#0.9.0">-</a> June 21, 2022

- Add `build_tag_with_version` to `m` configuration: Allows build tags to use
  the current version instead of `0.0.0`.
- Docusaurus have been introduced. There is no docs yet but the static site can
  be accessed at https://jmlopez-rod.github.io/m/

## [0.8.0] <a name="0.8.0" href="#0.8.0">-</a> March 15, 2022

- Make `m`
  [`mypy` comptabible](https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/installed_packages.html#creating-pep-561-compatible-packages)
- Linting and tests added.

## [0.7.1] <a name="0.7.1" href="#0.7.1">-</a> March 07, 2022

- Require `typing_extensions` on python installations.

## [0.7.0] <a name="0.7.0" href="#0.7.0">-</a> March 06, 2022

_fixes_: `m ci celt` fails when project has no errors
[669bc54](https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/commit/669bc5430a2fc8e343082165943e6f8b688eaaf0)

_changes_: Trying not to use `Popen` to make bash calls
[6babc6be](https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/commit/6babc6bee7bb6ec23e1301456f587e9bab2a688d)

_features_: Publishing to [`npmjs`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@jmlopez/m)
and [`pypi`](https://pypi.org/project/jmlopez-m/). Only releases are published
to the public registries. In github we can access the package from prs and the
latest on the `master` branch.

## [0.6.0] <a name="0.6.0" href="#0.6.0">-</a> September 14, 2021

- `m ci celt` has `-i` option to ignore error allowance. This is helpful when
  working on single files or the whole project and we want to see all the errors
  without having to edit the configuration.
- `m ci celt` accepts `-1` as a valid value for the `-m` option. This will print
  all the errors instead of partially showing them.
- `-s` option in `celt` removes error allownances that are set to zero.

## [0.5.0] <a name="0.5.0" href="#0.5.0">-</a> September 11, 2021

- _Breaking Change_: Renamed `m ci lint` to `m ci celt`.
- `celt` cli command adds the following options:
  - `--full-message`: Display the whole error message (useful with pylint)
  - `--file-regex`: When provided it only displays errors of files matching it.
  - `--file-prefix`: A string of the form `[old]:[new]`. It modifies a file
    prefix that matches `old` for `new`. Useful to display file paths when
    running in docker.
  - `--stats-only`: Displays the current number of violations for each rule.

## [0.4.0] <a name="0.4.0" href="#0.4.0">-</a> September 02, 2021

- Add `m github latest_release` to check the latest version of a github repo.
- Fix issues with `startRelease.sh` and `startHotfix.sh` authenticating to
  github by using the `latest_release` command.

## [0.3.1] <a name="0.3.1" href="#0.3.1">-</a> September 02, 2021

- Fix startRelease and startHotfix scripts. When starting a release, the script
  cannot detect the latest version by fetching the tags when using the git-flow
  because the latest tag is in the master branch not develop.

## [0.3.0] <a name="0.3.0" href="#0.3.0">-</a> September 01, 2021

**Breaking Changes**:

- releaseFrom field is no longer used in the m configuration.
- To continue releasing versions we need to specify a "workflow":
  - free_flow: No version, only tags.
  - m_flow: Uses versions but only the master branch is needed.
  - git_flow: Users versions and it uses master and develop branch.
- Removed `releaseSetup.sh`. Instead we should use:
  - `startRelease.sh` and `startHotfix.sh`.

**Features**:

- Add `reviewRelease.sh` to quickly commit the changes and open up a PR.
- Add `endRelease.sh` to merge the PR.

## [0.2.0] <a name="0.2.0" href="#0.2.0">-</a> August 25, 2021

- Add `-m, --max-lines` to `m ci lint` command. It allows us to specify the
  maximum lines that the command should display per error. It defaults to 5.
- Fix releaseSetup.sh output. With the deprecation of `call_main` and a previous
  change that was done to it, the releaseSetup and other commands display 0
  after a successful run.

## [0.1.0] <a name="0.1.0" href="#0.1.0">-</a> August 21, 2021

- Order results from `m ci lint` based on the number of errors found.
- Add command line option to specify branch when creating a github release.

## [0.0.3] <a name="0.0.3" href="#0.0.3">-</a> August 14, 2021

- Issue objects can hide the traceback from displaying
- Add `format_seconds` function.
- Deprecate `call_main`: use `run_main`
- `run_main` allows us to handle the results and issues.
- `m ci lint` supports the output of

  - eslint
  - pycodestyle
  - pylint

  The tool allows us to make the linters continue with the ci process as long as
  we do not introduce any more errors. See more details by checking the help
  options `m ci lint -h`.

## [0.0.2] <a name="0.0.2" href="#0.0.2">-</a> July 28, 2021

- Adds github release command.
- releaseSetup.sh allows creation of release from any branch.
- Fixes issues with http module that may arise when a response is 500.

## [0.0.1] <a name="0.0.1" href="#0.0.1">-</a> July 05, 2021

- Provides basic utilities to create a CI/CD flow via the m cli.
- As a library, it facilities the creation of clis similar to m.

[unreleased]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.29.4...HEAD
[0.29.4]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.29.3...0.29.4
[0.29.3]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.29.2...0.29.3
[0.29.2]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.29.1...0.29.2
[0.29.1]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.29.0...0.29.1
[0.29.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.28.0...0.29.0
[0.28.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.27.3...0.28.0
[0.27.3]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.27.2...0.27.3
[0.27.2]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.27.1...0.27.2
[0.27.1]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.27.0...0.27.1
[0.27.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.26.0...0.27.0
[0.26.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.25.2...0.26.0
[0.25.2]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.25.1...0.25.2
[0.25.1]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.25.0...0.25.1
[0.25.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.24.0...0.25.0
[0.24.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.23.0...0.24.0
[0.23.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.22.1...0.23.0
[0.22.1]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.22.0...0.22.1
[0.22.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.21.0...0.22.0
[0.21.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.20.2...0.21.0
[0.20.2]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.20.1...0.20.2
[0.20.1]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.20.0...0.20.1
[0.20.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.19.3...0.20.0
[0.19.3]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.19.2...0.19.3
[0.19.2]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.19.1...0.19.2
[0.19.1]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.19.0...0.19.1
[0.19.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.18.1...0.19.0
[0.18.1]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.18.0...0.18.1
[0.18.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.17.0...0.18.0
[0.17.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.16.1...0.17.0
[0.16.1]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.16.0...0.16.1
[0.16.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.15.2...0.16.0
[0.15.2]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.15.1...0.15.2
[0.15.1]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.15.0...0.15.1
[0.15.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.14.0...0.15.0
[0.14.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.13.0...0.14.0
[0.13.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.12.2...0.13.0
[0.12.2]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.12.1...0.12.2
[0.12.1]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.12.0...0.12.1
[0.12.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.11.2...0.12.0
[0.11.2]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.11.1...0.11.2
[0.11.1]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.11.0...0.11.1
[0.11.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.10.1...0.11.0
[0.10.1]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.10.0...0.10.1
[0.10.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.9.0...0.10.0
[0.9.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.8.0...0.9.0
[0.8.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.7.1...0.8.0
[0.7.1]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.7.0...0.7.1
[0.7.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.6.0...0.7.0
[0.6.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.5.0...0.6.0
[0.5.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.4.0...0.5.0
[0.4.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.3.1...0.4.0
[0.3.1]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.3.0...0.3.1
[0.3.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.2.0...0.3.0
[0.2.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.1.0...0.2.0
[0.1.0]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.0.3...0.1.0
[0.0.3]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.0.2...0.0.3
[0.0.2]: https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/0.0.1...0.0.2
[0.0.1]:
  https://github.com/jmlopez-rod/m/compare/bf286e270e13c75dfed289a3921289092477c058...0.0.1
